Adding some guidance regarding using StackOverflow in the issue template (#17306)
dotnet/aspnetcore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

about: Create a report about something that is not working
---

<!--
Please keep in mind that the GitHub issue tracker is not intended as a general support forum, but for reporting non-security bugs and feature requests.

> If you believe you have an issue that affects the SECURITY of the platform, please do NOT create an issue and instead email your issue details to secure@microsoft.com. Your report may be eligible for our [bug bounty](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/mt764065.aspx) but ONLY if it is reported through email.

Reviewer: New URL :) https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/bounty-dot-net-core

> For other type of questions, consider using the [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com) forum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For other types of questions, consider using [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com).
```
